Add documentation for the non_differentiable attribute (Closes #1271) (#1663)
vgvassilev/clad: docs/userDocs/source/user/UsingClad.rst

Class type support is under active development and thus, most of these 
limitations will be removed soon.

> The 'non_differentiable' Attribute

Reviewer: Perhaps we should have non_differentiable in code-format here?

------------------------------------

> Clad allows users to mark specific variables,functions,or members as 'non-differentiable'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clad allows users to mark specific variables, functions, or members as `non-differentiable`. 
```

.. note::

  Clad leverages Clang's "annotate" attribute mechanism. Clad may provide a convenience macro for this in the future, but users can also define it manually:
  
  .. code-block:: cpp

    #define non_differentiable __attribute__((annotate("non_differentiable")))

Examples:

**1. Variables and class members**: Useful when a differentiable type contains fields that should not participate in calculus.

.. code-block:: cpp

  struct {
    double val;
    non_differentiable double* ptr; // ignored during differentiation
  };

Clad treats "ptr" as constant: It is used in the primal execution but contributes nothing to the derivatives.

**2. Functions**: Functions marked as non-differentiable are treated as constants. They are invoked during the primal (forward) execution, but they contribute ``0`` to the gradient.

.. code-block:: cpp

  non_differentiable double f(double x) {
       return x;  // used normally in primal execution
   }

   double f1(double x) {
       // Clad differentiates 'x * x' but ignores the derivative of f
       return x * x + f(x);
   }

Here, ``df1/dx = 2x`` because the ``f`` contribution is excluded.

> 

Author: Done! I have wrapped the text.
